Documentation for the new --log-output=file option (#573)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/translated-guides/en/02 Using k6/05 Options.md

| label.`labelName` | adds an additional label with the provided key and value to each message | N/A |
| limit | the limit of message per pushPeriod, an additional log is send when the limit is reached, logging how many logs were dropped | 100 |
| level | the minimal level of a message so it's send to loki | all |
| pushPeriod | at what period to send log lines | 1s |
| profile | whether to print some info about performance of the sending to loki | false |
| msgMaxSize | how many symbols can there be at most in a message. Messages bigger will miss the middle of the message with an additional few characters explaining how many characters were dropped. | 1048576 |

### File

The file can be configured as below, where an explicit file path is required:

<CodeGroup labels={[]} lineNumbers={[true]}>

```bash
$ k6 run --log-output=file=./k6.log script.js
```

</CodeGroup>

A valid file path is the unique mandatory field, the other optional fields listed below:

| key | description | default value |
| --- | ----------- | ------------- |

> | level | the minimal level of a message to write | all |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| level | the minimal level of a message to write out of (in ascending order): trace, debug, info, warning, error, fatal, panic | trace |
```
